(SIMP-6936) HOWTO for simp config env change (#370)
simp/simp-doc: docs/user_guide/HOWTO/Alternate_SIMP_Config_Environment.rst

.. _howto-use-an-alternate-simp-config-environment:

> HOWTO Use an Alternate ``simp config`` Environment

Author: Well, that's fun. I'll remove the backticks.

> HOWTO Use an Alternate ``simp config`` Environment

Author: ```suggestion
HOWTO Use an Alternate 'simp config' Environment
```

==================================================

Generally, when running the ``simp config`` and ``simp bootstrap`` commands, all

> items will be placed into the ``production`` :term:`Puppet Environment` and

Author: Yeah, probably but for another day :-D

:term:`SIMP Secondary Environment`.

If you are installing SIMP onto a preexisting system, you may want to instead
install into an environment other than ``production``.

> As of version 6.0.0, the ``simp-cli`` was updated to support setting an
> alternate initial environment using a shell environment variable called
> ``SIMP_ENVIRONMENT``.

Reviewer: The 6.0.0 here refers to the version of `simp-cli`, but in the context of the SIMP docs, it's more likely to be interpreted as a SIMP release.  Here's one way to clarify it:

```suggestion
As of ``simp-cli`` version 6.0.0 (new with SIMP 6.5), you can configure
the ``simp config`` and ``simp bootstrap`` commands to use an
alternate initial environment by setting the shell environment 
variable, ``$SIMP_ENVIRONMENT``.
```
